Desired Skills:
Agile proficient and knowledgeable/experience in other agile methodologies. Ideally certified.
Excellent Project skills, Strong data analysis knowledge required
Proficiency in other Microsoft Office products, particularly PowerPoint, DevOps tooling skills and knowledge.
Strong communication & networking skills
Ability to work autonomously and take accountability to execute and deliver on goals; strong commitment to high quality standards.
Excellent time management skills, ability to efficiently prioritize and multitask, and work under pressure to meet deadlines and team objectives.
Project leadership; bringing different teams together to execute on a plan towards a common goal
Demonstrated ability to create and drive large-scale programmatic change in large organisations
Ability to develop cohesive working relationships with business partners
Leadership capabilities
Navigating – understanding and translating programme objectives and aligning directions accordingly
Aspiring – being ambitious about providing the highest standards of delivery
Driving – setting stretching goals for self and teams and delivering them with courage and tenacity
Mobilising – authentically engaging with team, colleagues and business partners to deliver at pace
Sustaining – making considered decisions that protect and enhance HSBC values, reputation and business


 
if you are not working on anything. I will suggest you can compare the "Stage" 
.tf file which you saved on your local machine and compare with production .tf file  to find or identify, if forget
 to make any change in ..tf file for production.
 
 
 responsibilities of the project manager
The project manager, operating within agreed reporting structures, is responsible for:

designing and applying appropriate project management standards for incorporation in the NI Gateway Review Process
managing the production of the required deliverables
planning and monitoring the project
adopting any delegation and use of project assurance roles within agreed reporting structures
preparing and maintaining project, stage and exception plans as required
managing project risks, including the development of contingency plans
liaison with programme management (if the project is part of a programme) and related projects to ensure that work is neither overlooked nor duplicated
monitoring overall progress and use of resources, initiating corrective action where necessary
applying change control and configuration management processes
reporting through agreed lines on project progress through highlight reports and end-stage assessments
liaison with appointed project assurance representatives to assure the overall direction and integrity of the project
maintaining an awareness of potential interdependencies with other projects and their impact
adopting and applying appropriate technical and quality strategies and standards
identifying and obtaining support and advice required for the management, planning and control of the project
managing project administration
conducting a project evaluation review to assess how well the project was managed
preparing any follow-on action recommendations
In construction projects the  project manager also provides the interface between the project sponsor and the supply side of the project team.

Skills and attributes needed to be a project manager
The project manager should be able to:

apply a PRINCE2 project management approach to the specific requirements of the project
establish a good working relationship with the Senior Responsible Owner
direct, manage and motivate the project team
develop and maintain an agreed project plan and detailed stage plans
understand and apply business case and risk management processes
tailor expert knowledge to meet specific circumstances
plan and manage deployment of physical and financial resources to meet project milestones
build and sustain effective communications with other roles involved in the project
apply quality management principles and processe


Experience in Ops Risk and Control with specific focus on QA testing
1. Manages Risk Act in accordance with the letter and spirit of all applicable laws, rules and regulations, the companys code of conduct, risk framework, risk appetite statement and other relevant policies, standards, procedures and guidance.
2. Operations Risk Event & Governance: - Ensure timely investigation of all potential Operations Risk Issues/Control Gaps identified by respective business alignments. Leverages subject matter expertise and an understanding of the business to advise others
3. Gap Management- Track and monitor the closure of all open self- identified or audit identified issues to ensure qualitative and timely remediation.
4. Risk Assessments- Conduct independent risk assessments to evaluate the design level effectiveness of internal control processes within GOSO function
5. Stakeholder Management: - Understands the importance of relationships; proactively builds, maintains, and uses key relationships to build trust/credibility and promote objectives. Demonstrates long-term commitment to business success by offering alternative points of view and challenging assumptions with constructive input, when appropriate
6. Demonstrates Initiative: - Be proactive in identifying, escalating and debating thematic risks issues. Foster debate of risks and strive for outcomes that support the long-term interests of the company and its stakeholders. Create an environment that encourages and requires these behaviors from others
7. Operates as a Trusted Partner:- Sought after by business partners for advice, insight and perspective, balancing subject matter expertise and relationship management skills to build trust and credibility. Demonstrates personal credibility by adjusting interpersonal style (e.g., leadership, influence, communication styles) to the situation
8. Drive Risk Culture:- Promote a culture aimed at minimizing the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external events


 

1. Control Design review
• Identify control processes that are failing, inadequate or inconsistently applied resulting in an in ability to fully mitigate the risks for which they were originally intended
• Understand the process flow and assess the strength of the controls in place, recommend enhancements
2. Control Effectiveness Testing
• Design the appropriate scripts & sampling to determine control effectiveness alongside the onshore teams
• Ensure effective execution of testing and gap identification
• Reporting on results with clear recommendations
Ability to understand the functionality of the tests being conducted and write meaningful test scripts and cases.
• To complete QA testing for various controls per the departments calendar/schedule in a time bound manner without any deviations.
• Reporting/Escalation of testing discrepancies, issues and/or questions to appropriate contact.
• Ability to work independently & challenge the Line of business with the gaps identified as applicable.
• To work closely with Onshore and Offshore Processes and test effectiveness of controls.
• Ensure that all testing documentation is audit compliant.
• Gather and analyze requirements
• Assist in preparing and reviewing the process test strategy and test plan
• Review and validate test results and defect reported by the QA Testers
• Defect and issue identification, logging, tracking, resolution and reporting
• Tasks status communication to Leadership Team (QA Team Manager)
• Ensure testing commitments are met and communicate potential impacts to target dates to the LOB Partners/Leadership Team
• Identify risk to testing and communicate to the QA Team Manager
• Help identify and implement new process improvement.
• Assist in existing process improvements. Adhere to all QA processes and procedures

• Conduct Training for new team members
• Build and manage strong working relationships

Technical / Functional Proficiency:
Strong Experience in design, implementation, and deployment of Redhat Process Automation Manager (PAM) workflows
Proficiency in developing efficient workflow management solutions to simplify processes & procedures
Proficiency in creating detailed specification documents for the workflow
Experience in designing and creating rich UI forms
Experience in creating system services to automate the workflow with external systems
Experience in migrating traditional application to a process driven application is a big plus
Experience working in agile development projects
Experience on build Tools Maven, Ant and other SDLC tools such as Sonar , Splunk and Jenkins  
Experience in Financial industry i.e. Payment, Receivables, and Wholesale Banking etc.

Leadership Skills:
Demonstrated sense of responsibility and capability to deliver independently and quickly
Excellent organization skills, attention to detail, and ability to multi-task
Excellent communication skills, clearly articulating and documenting technical and functional specifications is a key requirement.
Experience in working on a large-scale global project.
Relationship builder and team player
Flexibility to handle multiple complex projects and changing priorities
Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills

Strategic Leadership: People Management with leading complex projects, vision & roadmap development, cross-functional people leadership,
managing dependencies & scope.

Experience in setting up the QA team from scratch and working with the team in building minimum viable product (MVP). Experience in managing
the team of 10 people. 
Led tool selection and implementation project of QA.


Product Ownership & Management: Requirements elicitation, analysis, designing business processes, defining and grooming Epics, Features
and User stories.

Business development: Demo of feature ready product to presales and clients team, Account relationship by maintaining T3 level of support
and working on escalated high priority issues.

Job Functions: Setting up testing process, Requirement analysis for test plan/scenarios creation, Estimations for automation test
development, deployment testing, microservices testing, regression testing, defect tracking and team management.

Delivery Management, Field Readiness and Client Support: Experience is setting up client resources and environment for the product and
infrastructure negotiation. Sanity Testing on Production. L3 Support and handling tickets.

Domain worked on: Testing Web-based applications, API Testing, Backend testing with Banking Anti Money Laundering (AML), BI product in
healthcare domain, Media and entertainment 



• Bachelor's Degree in CS, EE, IT ; CS preferred
• 9+ years of Quality Engineering experience in a product organization
• Minimum of 3 years of officially being a lead of 5 or more individual contributors
• Strong understanding of web-applications; experience on mobile applications desirable
• Good understanding of virtualization and cloud technologies such as AWS
• Strong understanding of Object oriented programming (any of Java, Python,.net C# preferred)
• Expert at QE testing methodologies, tools and approaches (black box, white box, functional and non-functional testing, UI and API automation)
• Experience in managing complex functional testing projects that require a deep understanding of the application logic, architecture, integrations and dependencies
• Extensive knowledge of web and mobile testing tools, such as  , Appium, *Unit, TestNG, Test management systems, CICD tools
• Participative leadership style with the ability to motivate people, instill accountability and achieve results
• Strong verbal, written and team presentation communication skills
• Awareness of QA metrics -are the quantitative measures used to estimate the progress, quality, productivity and health of the software testing process. 
Metric defines in quantitative terms the degree to which a system, system component, or process possesses a given attribute. The ideal example to understand metrics would be a weekly mileage of a car compared to its ideal mileage recommended by the manufacturer.
. The goal of software testing metrics is to improve the efficiency and effectiveness in the software testing process and to help make better decisions for further testing process by providing reliable data about the testing process.
QA metrics in Jira
Dashboards and Gadgets in Jira.
Version progress metric.
Two dimensions metric.
Created vs Resolved metric.
Reopen rate.
Reject rate.
Acceptance fail rate.

mobile testing tools for test creation.

TestComplete
Appium
Robot Framework


Agile Testing Metrics
Burn-Down Chart. A burn-down chart is useful because of its simplicity as a metric. ...
Running Tested Features. ...
Cumulative Flow. ...
Defect Cycle Time. ...
Defect Spill-Over. ...
Velocity.


Features to be included in the framework:
A framework is a set of guidelines which you should follow for like increase code re-usage, higher portability, reduced script maintenance and consistency in your code. What features we should expect in a framework?
1. Handle scripts to be executed and input parameters separately
2. Library to contain all reusable components
3. Reporting of results
4. Integration with third-party tools
5. Automated trigger with no human intervention i.e. self-executing and self-cleaning	

An agile Extract, Load & Transform tool to simplify data engineering challenges.
Provides an agnostic Data Warehouse design methodology, allowing you to build any type DWH Model.
Rapid implementation for persistent data stores, Dimensional Models and 3NF Databases
Rapid configuration and mapping of data transforms.
Analysts define the mapping and transformation rules and the transform code is generated for each process – little coding required.
All mapping logic is externalised in database tables for easy viewing.
Rapid refactoring when source data table definitions change.
Full operational and status reporting, Scheduling and Transform checksums.
Full error reporting and diagnostics.
ELT jobs are insulated from changes to source database schema’s (when sourced from SQL Server database) so impact analysis can be performed against the changed table to determine if the new column is required for mapping.
Performs Change Data Capture and Slowly Changing Transforms
Externalising and Mastering of complex business rules which can Integrate with MDS workflow.
Supplies full data lineage for end user reporting.
Full taxonomy of all the source and destination objects for operational reporting and management.
Developed using standard Microsoft SQL Server technologies. No third party Add-Ins or Software.










Responsibilities:

Project manage all end of life activities for Acquia and non-Acquia software. This includes, but not limited to: identifying requirements, driving change control, identifying risks and mitigation plans, managing issues and escalation, managing triage as necessary, leading cross group coordination, and tracking milestones and timelines
Coordinate and collaborate with Compliance, Engineering, and Product to ensure that responsibilities for EOL are met.
Create and maintain EOL checklists, providing documentation and cross-training for stakeholders, as applicable.
Work with Compliance, Engineering, Product and BI teams to build a centralized view of all EOL activities.
Identify and communicate risks which could affect the End-of-Life scope, schedule, and quality.
Identify and remove roadblocks to help teams to execute against their schedules.
Facilitate and navigate teams through changes in features, priority, and scope.
Measure and monitor progress to ensure deliverables are on time and that it meets or exceeds expectations.
Continually improve and make improvements to the EOL process.
Identify opportunities for automation.
Requirements:

Minimum of 1-3+ years of Project Management experience
Excellent written and verbal skills, 
Strong Negotiation and influence skills
Excellent and well demonstrated leadership skills
Experience collaborating with multiple teams diagnosing and debugging complex systems, and participating build, deployment and operational issues
Excels working under pressure and tight deadlines to solve critical issues
Demonstrated strong skill in driving projects and programs to successful completion whether working solo or with large cross-functional teams.
Strong familiarity with Agile processes and software development lifecycle
Demonstrated analytical skills
Passion to improve processes, increase velocity, and promote collaboration

https://boards.greenhouse.io/acquia/jobs/2683912#app
https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:6800479148658745344/
https://bitbar.com/blog/mobile-testing-tools-for-test-creation-and-automation/