Provide day-to-day management and oversight of engineering personnel. Provide guidance and direction, plan quarterly performance objectives, ensure adequate staffing, manage personnel issues and performance, etc.
Build optimal engineering team structure (job titles, salary ranges, performance evaluation system, etc.).
Communicate features/suggestions from Engineering to the Product team.
Manage the process of taking Product "problems and challenges" to create Engineering-led product solutions.
Work with the Product team as a key stakeholder for input into feature design and product planning.
Work with the Technical Support team to provide training and advanced troubleshooting.
Work with TechOps team for infrastructure scaling, design and operational improvements.
Dedicate ample time with LM customers, prospects, and the industry to remain closely aware of customer problems and industry trends relating to product engineering.
Ensure all team members have a published job description including scorecard items.
Participate as a member of the engineering management team
Safeguard and ensure the quality of LM product and business applications.
Plans for execution of Software Functional, Regression, Performance/Load, and Automation testing
Work with leads to set and meet goals for code coverage efforts
Build processes for defect management, functional testing, PSR and Security testing of the product
Provide valuable inputs when reviewing requirement documents and technical specifications.
Work closely with the rest of the engineering team as well as the product team to evaluate and develop best practices & solutions
Identify risks and prepare mitigation plans
Build processes for creation of use cases, test matrices, and regression tests for new and existing features
Continuous Improvement: As a Quality Leader you will share your knowledge through lunch and learns, TechTalks, workshops and other means to help level up the organization and not just your team.
Become technically competent in all technologies used by our development organization
Coach and lead other team members from a technical perspective in design and implementation, offer technical guidance to QA Engineers
Play leadership role during test plan and test case reviews, providing direct feedback to Quality Engineers
What You'll Need:
5+ years of experience of managing and growing engineering teams
12+ years of industry experience
Expert in implementing and optimizing agile development and continuous integration / continuous delivery methodologies
Familiar with the concepts of software stack for typical Web-based applications such as RDBMS, NoSQL, JavaScript/HTML/CSS, and Java.
Experience with Automation frameworks like TestNG, Robot, tools like Selenium, strong OS skills on Linux
Experience in building enterprise products delivered via SaaS
Strong QA and Automation experience as part of career progression
Proven ability in leadership role in developing enterprise application frameworks
B.S. in Computer Science or MCA or related field of study
Experience leading large initiatives with the ability to course correct as needed
Ability to consistently evaluate current approaches to testing to continue to be industry best-of-class
Proven track record at increasing a team's velocity
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Able to work with a development team and develop strong, reliable, and effective relationships with team members
Ability to juggle priorities and work under pressure to deliver against client deadlines also enjoys solving problems (so fun!)
Persistent: if initial approach doesn't work, must be aggressive in conceiving alternative approaches and following through to success
Inclined to see problems from the point of view of the customer and of our customer base as a whole
Familiar with Docker
Experience testing AWS infrastructure based applications (SQS, S3, Lambda, etc.)
Demonstrated ability to mentor other engineers
Familiar with Atlassian Suite (JIRA, Confluence, Bamboo, BitBucket)


Specialist Product Manager : X-Sight Marketplace
Full-time
Dates EmployedJan 2020 – Present
Employment Duration9 mos
LocationPune, Maharashtra, India
Financial Risk-Management is no more about collecting, detecting and investigating the alerts generated using behaviour detection using the data available with FSOs.

It's also about ensuring a holistic coverage around the subject in terms of the traits exhibited on external platforms ( Media, Crypto-Exchanges, Financial-Aggregator Data-Sources). And, taking into account the additional data-points which makes decision-making better.

X-Sight Marketplace includes facilitating seamless integration between the Investigatio Eco-System & external data-providers. Thereby reducing the integration effort and facilitating better insights for the investigations.

My role is to understand, evaluate, detail-out & execute the Feature roadmap with RnD teams to help our customers leverage these additional external-insights as part of our X-Sight Marketplace Offerings, across various Lines of Businesses.
 
see more
TitleSpecialist Product Manager : Entity-Insights for AML & Fraud-Prevention
Full-time
Dates EmployedOct 2018 – Present
Employment Duration2 yrs
LocationPune Area, India
In his current role, Dinesh is working on understanding the investigation-approach that could help Financial Institutions to monitor and reduce the Customer-Risk to the best possible extent, by unifying the Financial-investigation touchpoints at one place.



 Exposure of Machine Learning algorithms
 Expertise in developing the automation suites, frameworks for verification of distributed systems and machine learning models
Demonstrated experience designing scalable and maintainable automated testing solutions for large scale systems
Working knowledge of load generation/load balances / Controllers / performance measurement software
Demonstrated ability to learn and apply new technology, tools and process
• Requirement Gathering through conducting Interviews with stakeholders
• Working on Agile Mindset based on behavior Driven Development (BDD) and Test Driven Development (TDD)
• To develop decision models and execute those rules as per the use case specifications.
• To Test/validate the decision models against document test data.
• To maintain and enhance the decision models for changes in regulations as per use case specifications.
• Responsible for performing the business research that will make a business growth.
• Developing a clear understanding of existing business functions and processes.
• Effectively communicate with the onsite clients for the queries, suggestions and update.
• Giving suggestions to enhance the current processes.
• Identifying areas for process improvement.
• Flagging up potential problems at an early stage.
• Preparing PowerPoint presentations and documents for business meetings.
• Using any information gathered to write up detailed reports.
• Highlighting risks and issues that could impact project delivery.
• Able to work accurately.
• To develop and maintain documentation for internal team training and for client end user operations.

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4911247/

to Classify Real Alerts and Artifact in Online Multi-signal Vital Sign Monitoring Data
Real Time Classification and Clustering Of IDS Alerts Using Machine Learning AlgorithmsIcertis, the leading enterprise contract management platform in the cloud, helps companies unlock the full business value of their contracts to increase revenue, reduce cost, accelerate cash flow and minimize risk. The adaptable, AI-infused Icertis Contract Management (ICM) platform quickly turns contracts from static documents into strategic assets. Today, Icertis, the analyst-validated industry leader, is used by innovative companies like Airbus, BASF, Cognizant, Daimler, Johnson & Johnson, Microsoft and Sanofi across 90+ countries to manage 7.5 million contracts governing more than $1 trillion.

Icertis Contract Management (ICM) is an innovative, easy-to-use platform that is highly configurable and continually adapts to complex business needs. We are a global enterprise software company that’s on a roll in 2019 – we’ve raised a $115M Series E, been rated a top 3 place to work in Washington, won Microsoft’s Partner of the Year Award, and landed new global customers like Airbus. Read more about us at www.icertis.com.

Given our explosive growth across the company, we’re looking for a high-energy, dynamic storyteller with an appetite for enterprise technology and B2B product marketing. As a Product Marketing Manager, you will represent the voice of the customer, work with a great team of marketers to drive impact and help us transform the Contract Management marketplace.

This is a hands-on role with an opportunity to contribute across all aspects of product marketing for Icertis growing product portfolio. We’re looking for someone that cares passionately about crafting just the right messaging and positioning for each new product, someone that can present a demo that truly differentiates our product, and someone who will be laser focused on making sure our sales team has the tools they need to be successful.

This role is part of our corporate marketing team based at our Pune, India location. Product marketing represents the voice of the customer, and sometimes the only way to understand what the customer journey is to buy our products is to get out from behind the desk and get into their world. So, there will also be occasional travel to conferences and our customers’ offices to help you get a handle on what drives our success.

Responsibilities
Understand and define the customer buying journey, and articulate the key buying criteria and business needs of our customers.
Assess the competitive landscape and develop effective compete strategies leveraging research, insights, and customer feedback.
Develop deep expertise on our product portfolio, in order to effectively tell our story across all available channels including live demos, product videos, and other sales collateral.
Define, name, package, and position our product offerings to better accelerate customers through the funnel and make our sales teams highly effective.
Design and execute the integrated go-to-market strategy for new products that maximizes the impact of our product investments.
Sales-focused, business-outcome oriented mindset.
Persuasive storyteller, with strong written and verbal communication.
Strong understanding of the SaaS, cloud-based, B2B enterprise software market.
Demonstrated history of building strong partnerships with your product and sales teams.
Technically savvy and comfortable getting hands-on with the product – you will be the marketing team’s expert on our product functionality.
Strong analytical skills, with a bias for making measurable, data-driven decisions.
Experience with product marketing within a consultative/solution selling model.
Independent, self-starter who can prioritize and drive deliverable to execution.
Excellent interpersonal skills to deal professionally with executives and marketing counterparts.

By working cross-functionally you will be impacting our ability to drive bookings and revenue, create loyal customers that choose Icertis over the competition, and provide our sales teams with the information they need to close business.

Skills And Qualifications
3-5 years in Enterprise B2B software product marketing.
Ability to think critically and make analytical optimization decisions.
Highly efficient, collaborative team player, with the ability to also work independently in a fast-paced, fluid environment.
Exceptional prioritization and project management skills.
Excellent communication skills: Written, verbal, and visual.
Design skills are a plus, including experience with video editing & Adobe software.
BA/BS degree in related field.

Icertis is not open to 3rd party solicitation or resumes for our posted FTE positions. Resumes received from 3rd party agencies that are unsolicited will be considered complimentary.

Icertis, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Icertis, Inc. complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.




Principal QA Automation Engineer
Responsibilities:

Work closely with product and development teams to identify/communicate defects and monitor resolutions, also author complete series of acceptance and functional tests.
Develop new testing tools and processes to achieve desires QA goals.
Take complete ownership and lead end-to-end testing for a particular product.
Maintain automated test environment and perform unit, functional and stress testing.
Participate in the creation and enhancement of the continuous integration platform used to test the product.
Provide support in design, development and production phases of product.
Lead, mentor and train junior team members in the QA Team.

Qualifications:
8-12 years of experience in functional testing of web-based applications and must be hands on Automated test development.
Strong knowledge of Java, Data structures, OOPS concepts and its applications.
Understanding of Web Technologies like HTTP, REST etc.
Knowledge of Database concepts and query languages like SQL etc.
Conceptual understanding of Client Server Architecture.
Hands on experience with Performance Testing and Load Testing tools like JMeter.
Strong experience with automation test tools (preferably Selenium Webdriver, Rest Assured,Jmeter).
Automated builds and deployments process using GIT or other SCM, Maven, Jenkins/Hudson is a plus.
Knowledge of Docker and Kubernetes is an added advantage.
Experienced with Apache/Tomcat web servers and web application development.
Must be a critical thinker with excellent verbal and written skills.



Sr. QA Analyst
PUNE /TECHNOLOGY & OPERATIONS – QUALITY ASSURANCE /FULL TIME
Ellie Mae is the leading cloud-based platform provider for the mortgage finance industry. Ellie Mae’s technology solutions enable lenders to originate more loans, reduce origination costs, and reduce the time to close, all while ensuring the highest levels of compliance, quality and efficiency. Visit ‪ EllieMae.com to learn more.
Primary Responsibilities & Objectives
Design Complex Integration Test Cases that exercise:
Variations of loan products, programs & transaction types using realistic data
Business rules
Other Settings such as Loan Templates, Realistic User Roles and Personas
Realistic workflow patterns and variety of loan disposition types
Execute and Validate the life cycle of a loan, included ordering all required services, and bring loan through to closing & funding.
Test Execution includes not only executing documented test cases but also conducting complex root cause analysis in case of functional defect/failure.
Defect Management: Responsible for documenting detailed system defects, presenting them in project triage meetings and follow up on them on a weekly basis to bring them to resolution.
Environment Management: Responsible for staying up to date on the latest environment changes and monitoring various chat rooms to watch for system outages
Prepares Documentation and Support for Field Support Test Events: Provide test guides, hands on support during the event and assistance triaging defects.
Provide training to the Sprint QA Teams on system or domain logic when needed
Participate in scrum team test cycles, defining and leading execution of Integration and End to End test
Work primarily under the direction of a Sr. QA Manager or Staff Analyst
Be flexible to work on different projects based on the project and company needs
Qualifications, Skills & Experience
Bachelors in Computer Science or equivalent from a fully-accredited college or university.
5+ Years’ experience as a Manual Tester
5+ Years' experience working in the Mortgage domain preferable on a Loan Origination system
Advanced knowledge of Mortgage LOS data from initial loan boarding through funding and shipping into the secondary market with the ability to independently structure valid loan data scenarios.
Experience with Ellie Mae's Encompass 360 Mortgage system is a strong plus
Understands various test levels such as integration testing, functional, regression and end to end system testing.
Familiarity with relational databases and basic SQL
Demonstrated knowledge of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC)
Knowledge of scripting languages and experience with automation is a strong plus
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Spoken and written English skills with an ability to communicate ideas, problems and solutions effectively
Ellie Mae is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Women, minorities, people with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply.

We do not accept resumes from headhunters, placement agencies, or other suppliers that have not signed a formal agreement with us.



Overall responsibility for the product architecture, Establish well architected and designed solution

 

Working with several scrum teams and actively involved in the design of multiple features in parallel

 

Mentor and develop engineers in all levels, Involved in hiring great engineers

 

Drive continuous improvement

Taking an active part in in envisioning of next gen plans to achieve longer term strategic objectives of the organization

Working with team in multiple geo locations


Requirements:

·       15+ years of software development experience, at least 5 of them developing in enterprise software

·       3+ years of experience as a software architect

·       Substantial capabilities in the domain, analyses information and deduces conclusions within the professional space, seen as a professional by his team and peer community. Has high-attention to details and works well in a dynamic and intense environment.

·       Experience developing enterprise-grade software products that can perform, scale, and integrate into a broad enterprise ecosystem.

·       Experience in high pece in high performance, highly available and scalable systems

·       Experience developing and supporting hosted and/or multi-tenant software delivered as-a-Service (SaaS).

·       Extensive experience in object oriented programing - must

·       Extensive experience with at least one mainstream programming language such as Java or .Net - must

·       Deep Knowledge and experience with software design patterns and how they can be incorporated into software design.

·       Familiarity and/or experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS).

·       Experience in database development with SQL;

·       Knowledge and Experience with Scala or Python – an advantage

·       Experience with Open Source Software (OSS) technology frameworks, platforms, and tools

·       Experience with enterprise Security requirements implementation

·       Excellent interpersonal skills, demonstrated ability to influence others, especially in sensitive or complex situations

·       Passion to educate and mentor others in engineering best practices and patterns, team player.

·       Experience working with agile software development methodology

·       Great initiative; proven ability to tackle projects with a can do attitude

·       Proven experience in operating within a global environment

·       Self-starter, autodidactic

I have an in-depth technical understanding of enterprise software architecture and be familiar with industry high industry technology standards.

Responsibilities:


We are currently seeking a Product Owner having an exposure to Core Banking/Payment domain to join our dynamic and growing Data Integration Services team in Pune. The Product Owner would work with the product management team to own the roadmap for the Data Integration library of products being built for the AML product suite. The purpose behind building a library of data ‘connectors’ is to onboard customer faster increasing the speed to market for the Actimize product suite. The library of connectors being built uses cutting edge digital technologies to extract, transform and load the data encompassing on-premises and cloud solutions.

 

Responsibilities

Working with architects, R&D, Product Managers, and third-party vendors to understand high level design, cross-interface impact, architectural or non-functional features and prepare for upcoming development iterations
Defining detailed functional product requirements in alignment with business needs and product requirements
Owning delivery schedules with relevant Product Managers and R&D for feature implementation
Tracking overall product health and operation quality including prioritizing defect fixes over features
Defining non-functional product requirements around performance, serviceability, etc.
Facilitating mutual understanding between multiple product and Engineering teams through clear communications
Prioritizing and scoping user stories with Product Management and Engineering to ensure on-time delivery of agreed product and features
Defining relevant acceptance criteria for user stories based on product usage behavior
Conducting internal product demos and assisting stakeholders in demo activity
Providing support to Technical Writing, Customer Support, Professional Services, and Technical Presales teams as needed to address product questions and issues
Making product feature, function, and design recommendations as needed to accomplish strategic goals
Experience: 9 to14 Years

Requirements for the role:

Good exposure to Core Banking and Payment domains working with product houses
Hands on working knowledge of either Fiserv/FIS/Jack Henry core banking solutions and NACHA payment processing/interface development
Exposure AML and Fraud solutions a plus
Familiar with data integration involving data quality and validation. Good understanding of customization of either of the core banking interfaces.
Experience in software development, testing, product management or project management
Experience with creating specifications from business requirements and delivering and explaining them to software teams
Exposure to enterprise software architectures, infrastructures, and integration with AWS (or any other cloud solution)
Good communication and presentation skills (English)
Strong analytical skills with an ability to influence decision making
A team player that demonstrates a strong work ethic, creativity, assertiveness, and flexibility
Should have had exposure in the role of a Product Owner.
Other preferred skills

Experience with Agile Development methodologies, user stories, acceptance criteria, feature prioritization, and defining product specifications
Experience with cloud-based delivery, SaaS, CI/CD, DevOps, and related cloud-based software development and delivery methodologies



https://ebxr.fa.us2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/201023/?utm_medium=jobboard&utm_source=LinkedIn_Slots

 https://ebxr.fa.us2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/201029/?utm_medium=jobshare
 Senior Test Engineer – Senior Associate
 Your Responsibilities

Design and develop test cases using traditional test design techniques.
Develop, maintain and execute automated test scripts using Selenium.
Enhance existing automation framework developed in Selenium.
Integrate Selenium scripts with Jenkins CloudBees.
Develop automation test strategy and approach.
Support overall QA activities such as development of Test Approach, Test Cases, and manual test execution as needed.
Works closely with application development and other technical teams to understand how changes in the software product affect maintenance of test scripts.
Works with technical resources to discuss and troubleshoot issues.
Works with business resources to understand purpose and concept for software features.
Coordinates multiple projects and guides project team members with internal and external interfaces, particularly for more complex testing situations.
Ensures on-time delivery of work including monitoring of external and internal dependencies, tracking of progress, and monitoring of project milestones
Ensures all development lifecycle quality assurance for the work of other team members, including the review of high-level designs, detail designs, and test plans and results, is completed according to standards.
Other duties may be assigned.
 Talents Needed For Success:

6+ years of hands on expertise in Selenium and/or Java development.
Experience in testing Service Now, Oracle SaaS, Billing or other COTS applications.
Experience in developing Selenium automation framework from scratch.
Hands on experience with mySql, Jenkins, Maven, Bitbucket, ALM, JIRA, Postman.
Experience in test automation for Agile Continuous Integration/Development
Experience with at least one RDBMS
Experience and knowledge in API testing
REST/SOAP Cloud Experience.
Ability to work both independently and in a collaborative environment.
Experience in creation of automation testing strategy and automation design documents.


eview requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback
Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases
Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities
Design, develop and execute automation scripts using open source tools
Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs
Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved
Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meet client needs
Liaise with internal teams (e.g. developers and product managers) to identify system requirements
Monitor debugging process results
Investigate the causes of non-conforming software and train users to implement solutions
Track quality assurance metrics, like defect densities and open defect counts
Stay up-to-date with new testing tools and test strategies
Requirements :

Proven work experience in software development
Proven work experience in software quality assurance
Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools, and processes
Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases
Solid knowledge of SQL and scripting


Role
• Successfully lead major projects and complex assignments with broad scope and long-term business implications.
• Develop innovative solutions that meet specific business needs.
• Partner with project managers to lead day to day software development efforts.
• Assist in day to day software development efforts including programming.
• Create proof of concept applications
• Collaborate with business and technical partners
• Assist in the evaluation of 3rd parties and 3rd party products.
• Ensure adherence to established quality control practices.
• Create and maintain technology roadmaps.
• Ensure adherence to established software development process.
• Effectively communicate to management, business owners, and other stake holders.

All About You
Education:
• Bachelor's degree in Information Systems, Information Technology, Computer Science or Engineering or equivalent experience.
• Seasoned architect having experienced technologists with technical breadth and depth coupled with strong interpersonal skills.
• An architect who loves to solve complex problems and passionate about defining solutions, leading designs, and collaborating with high performing teammates
• Contribute to the technical strategy and delivery of decoupling the existing platforms into smaller reusable services by maintain a technology roadmaps
• Hands on experience in Java/J2EE technologies with, REST APIs, JSON, Postgres, microservices architecture, Spring boot and web app design framework working experience
• Brings in cloud based architect experience and integrating vendor and open source products into an overall systems
• Experience on integration using external third party libraries and APIs, payment gateways, CI understanding
• Expertise and advanced skills in designing, analyzing, troubleshooting, implementing large-scale, robust solutions systems that perform faultlessly at scale, with high availability resilience
• Ability to quickly learn and implement new technologies, frameworks and tools and support & manage multiple concurrent initiative/projects under Strategic Growth and working as a member of a matrix based diverse and geographically distributed project team.


Overall 16+ years of experience in QA Test Automation / DevOps / Project lead.
5+ years of experience in management and leadership of direct teams
In-depth knowledge of  QA tools, technologies and disciplines including automation of manual testing procedures
Good understanding of DevOps, experience into GitLab, Jenkins,Jfrog CI / CD, and Selenium technologies or equivalent  
Driving Agile or Scaled Agile user adoption experience a strong plus
Ability to understand technical issues at a high level
Good communication, collaboration, organization, and time management skills.
Must be a team-player with the ability to work within collaborative environments
Excellent interpersonal skills, ability to work with diverse personality types
Passion to proactively seek ways to improve processes
Creative, resourceful, and innovative at tackling complex challenges (in a timely matter)
Organized and self-directing with the ability to identify priorities and mobilize projects in an orderly fashion to achieve desired results
Approachable and willing to offer helpful solutions
Self-motivated and capable of managing multiple priorities and tasks
SaaS Company IT experience is a strongly preferred
Thorough understanding of the software development lifecycle